Update ADR002, tutorial, and howto (#2101)
informalsystems/apalache: docs/src/adr/002adr-types.md

## 1. How to write types in TLA+

<a id="ts1"></a>
### 1.1. Type grammar (Type System 1, or TS1)

**Upgrade warning.** This system is replaced with [Type System 1.2](#ts12).
In October of 2022, we will stop supporting Type System 1. For the transition
period, pass `--features=no-rows` to Apalache, to enable Type System 1.

We write types as strings that follow the type grammar:

```
T ::=   // Booleans
      | 'Bool'
        // integers
      | 'Int'
        // immutable constant strings
      | 'Str'
        // functions
      | T '->' T
        // sets
      | 'Set' '(' T ')'
        // sequences
      | 'Seq' '(' T ')'
        // tuples
      | '<<' T ',' ...',' T '>>'
        // operators
      | '(' T ',' ...',' T ')' '=>' T
        // constant types (uninterpreted types)
      | typeConst
        // type variables
      | typeVar
        // groups

>       | '(' T ')'

Reviewer: What are "groups"?

Author: well, these are just normal parentheses, which are normally use to change associativity. I will change it to something about associativity

system considers ill-typed some perfectly legal TLA+ values. For instance, we
cannot assign a reasonable type to `{1, TRUE}`.

**Legacy: Sets of tagged records in Type System 1.** We can assign a reasonable
type to the set:

```tla
{[type |-> "1a", bal |-> 1], [type |-> "2a", bal |-> 2, val |-> 3]}
```

This pattern often occurs in practice, e.g., see [Paxos][].  The type of that
set will be `Set([type: Str, bal: Int, val: Int])`, which is probably not what
you expected, but it is the best type we can actually compute without having

> algebraic datatypes in TLA+. It also reminds the user that one better tests the
> field `type` carefully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
algebraic datatypes in TLA+. It also reminds the user that one must test the
field `type` carefully.
```
